"I asked the AI to browse the Clockify website for its features and learned that it offers timekeeping, reporting, management, scheduling, and integration capabilities. It also allows users to track time using a timer or manually, log weekly activities, track GPS location, and record expenses. Additionally, it offers features for team communication and collaboration, project and task management, and time off tracking. The software is available for desktop and mobile devices and offers integrations with other apps. It is free to use with unlimited users and offers 24/7 support. I wrote a summary of Clockify's features to a file called \"clockify_features.txt\" and received confirmation that the file was written successfully. The summary includes information that Clockify is a free time tracking software that allows users to track work hours across projects, manage tasks and projects, and communicate with teams. The software offers various features such as timekeeping, timesheets, calendar, auto tracker, reporting, management, invoicing, and expenses. It works across devices and can be used for boosting productivity, billing clients, managing teams, and streamlining processes. The software has received positive reviews from users and offers 24/7 customer support. \n\nI also used the AI to browse a website for interesting and productive things to do when bored, and found a list of over 100 activities, as well as an article on the Eisenhower Box strategy for prioritizing tasks. The website also promoted Clockify as a free time tracking software. I wrote a summary of the website's information to a file called \"productive_things_to_do.txt\" and received confirmation that the file was written successfully. \n\nI used the AI to search for more information about Clockify and found a website that provided an overview of its features, which included timekeeping, reporting, management, scheduling, and integration capabilities. The software allows users to track time using a timer or manually, log weekly activities, track GPS location, and record expenses. It also offers features for team communication and collaboration, project and task management, and time off tracking. The software is available for desktop and mobile devices and offers integrations with other apps. It is free to use with unlimited users and offers 24/7 support. I wrote a summary of Clockify's features to a file called \"clockify_info.txt\" and received confirmation that the file was written successfully. \n\nFinally, I used the AI to browse a website for more information about the features of Clockify and found an overview of its capabilities, which included timekeeping, timesheets, calendar, auto tracker, reporting, management, invoicing, and expenses. The software works across devices and can be used for boosting productivity, billing clients, managing teams, and streamlining processes. I wrote a summary of Clockify's features to a file called \"clockify_features.txt\" and received confirmation that the file was written successfully."